{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11560\viewh9440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Weekly Meetings (Tue, 11am)\
Likes one to one supervision.\
We have deadlines that we need to pay attention to.\
R or Python\
\
ASML: big computer chip producer. Potentially offer a thesis topic. Predict when a part in their production chain breaks down. Time-to-event: When an event happens, when not.\
\
Distributional semantics: Represent meanings to vector of words. Think of word2vec. Analyze which method gives us the best predictions.\
\
Reddit sentiment impact on IV of option pricing.\
\
Needs to be new, compared to what already exists. Cannot take a dataset and do a linear regression on it, because that probably has already be done. Need scientific and societal relevance.\
\
For cum-laude you need an 8 for your thesis.\
\
Thesis grading in Tilburg is harsh. Getting a passing grade is already an accomplishment. Always know what is gonna happen next.\
Amount of effort for a better grade increases exponentially!!!\
If you get an 8, your thesis is actually publishable.\
\
Next week:\
- Propose data set\
- Propose RQ\
- Send an email before the meeting\
- 5 minute presentation (to determine whether the thesis fits well)\
\
Next meeting on Monday at 11:00\
\
Financial Dataset Tilburg University (Option Metrics):\
https://arno.uvt.nl/dbfin/index.html?_gl=1*1t8r8w6*_ga*MjgyNDg4MjcwLjE2MzAyNjU1OTU.*_ga_9LNCW846MJ*MTYzMDQwNTk1NC42LjEuMTYzMDQwNTk4My4w\
\
\
\
RQ: Measuring Sentiment of Reddit Forums to Predict Daily Changes of Implied Volatility in the Options Market of Selected Securities\
\
play around with different sentiment packages. \
\
Come up with a concrete RQ and subquestions. What exactly do I wanna do to the dataset? Limit the scope. Make it as concrete as possible. Make the Reddit API work.\
\
Key: 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
j2LFIm8hMwXTHjVbSfR82TQWFz2ucg\
\
App ID: 
\f2\b\fs20 Ncbo8yhTsMNM6ZEI2_tdeQ\
\
\
API limitation for 1000 posts. /wsb is a private subreddit.\
Pushshift can circumvent the 1000 post limitation, but doesn\'92t work with private subreddits.\
\
\
Good Guide for Pushshift: https://rareloot.medium.com/using-pushshifts-api-to-extract-reddit-submissions-fb517b286563\
\
\
submissions_df:\
- id: id\
- self_text: content\
- title: tiltle\
\
Example: submission id: pg6ooh. According to pushshift it has more comments than actual ones displayed on reddit (341 vs. 326)\
\
\
\

\f0\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 - Measuring Sentiment of Reddit Forums to Predict Daily Changes of Implied Volatility in the Options Market of Selected Securities\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'97 Which sentiment analysis approach performs best on predefined key performance indicators, based on selected sentiment analysis methods? (to limit the scope)\
\
\'97 What is the best method to predict changes in the implied volatility in the options market of selected securities based on the sentiment analysis performed earlier?\
\
\'97 How can the unconventional use of words of the wallstreetbets reddit forum best be accounted for?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
- Which approach works best? No separate question for LSTMs. Sort of helps from steering away from an a priori bias from a model. Second readers prefer maximum of 3 subquestions.\
- Like the one about reddit specific language.\
- Put the more technical rqs first. Draw the second reader in, because they will be interested.\
\
- Send rq\
- Find 5 papers that set the scientific framework.\
- Establish the academic relevance. Second reader is almost guaranteed to know about the research.\
- Peer reviewed is preffered and relatively recent.\
\
\
\
\
collective classification algorithms}